Q : What is vitual DOM.

	virtual dom sits on top of the browser html dom.Virtual dom listen for changes.If there is change then the HTML DOM underneath is updated with the new UI.By comparing the changes with virtual dom the real dom is able to update the UI.
	The react virtual dom is mounting the real browser dom.

	componentdidmount : this tell us virtual dom of successfully mounted the real dom.
		
Q : What is JSX compiler.

Q : What is compiler in react.

Q : What is best practices you should use to develop react project.

	1. Keep components small and function-specific
	2. Reusability is important, so keep creation of new components to the minimum required
	3. Consolidate duplicate code – DRY your code
		{
			One way to do this is to avoid duplication – Don’t Repeat Yourself (DRY).
		}
	4. Put CSS in JavaScript
		{
			When you start working on a project, it is a common practice to keep all the CSS styles in a single SCSS file. The use of a global prefix prevents any potential name collisions. However, when your project scales up, this solution may not be feasible.
			There are many libraries that enable you to write CSS in JS. EmotionJS and Glamorous are the two most popular CSS in JS libraries.
		}
	7. Use capitals for component names
	8. Mind the other naming conventions
		{
			When working with React, you are generally using JSX (JavaScript Extension) files. Any component that you create for React should therefore be named in upper camel case. This translates to names without spaces and the capitalizing the first letter of every word.
			If you want to create a function that submits a form, you should name it SubmitForm in upper camel case, rather than submitForm, submit_form, or submit_form. Camel case is also called Pascal case. Here is a further list of examples of variable and function names in Pascal case.
		}
	10. Code should execute as expected and be testable
	11. All files related to any one component should be in a single folder
	13. Use snippet libraries(for doing fast coding by less effort)
	14. Write tests for all code
	15. Follow linting rules, break up lines that are too long	
	
Q : What is best way to develop react project so that any other developer would understand easily. 


Q : What is Design Principles of Reactjs

Q : How to write highly readable React code - 10 coding style tips : 

	Tip #1: Always use prop-types to define all the props in your components
	Tip #2: Use displayName to define a particular name to your component
	Tip #3: Use a linter to make your code easier to review
	Tip #4: Review your own code before creating a pull request
	Tip #6: Split your code into multiple smaller functions
	Tip #7: Create multiple files instead of writing a big file
	Tip #8: Be very careful while naming your files
	Tip #9: Always write tests for your code
	Tip #10: Don’t over-use the error handling lifecycle hook